{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red21\green23\blue26;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red203\green35\blue57;\red6\green33\blue79;\red87\green96\blue106;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c10588\c12157\c13725\c29804;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c84314\c22745\c28627;\cssrgb\c1176\c18431\c38431;\cssrgb\c41569\c45098\c49020;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14160\viewh18000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 cp: AJ \cf5 a\cf3  schema:Person ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:honorificPrefix \cf6 \'84Prof. Dr.\'93\cf3  ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:givenName \cf6 \'84Andreas\'93\cf3  ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:familyName \cf6 \'84Johannsen\'93\cf3 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb4 ##	cp:contructualHours \'8410\'93 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf7 \cb4 ##	cp:reductingHours \'841\'93 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:email \cf6 "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:linkTo_UnCryptMailto('nbjmup+boesfbt%5C/kpibootfoAui.csboefocvsh%5C/ef');"}}{\fldrslt andreas.johannsen(at)th-brandenburg.de}}"\cf3  .\
\
cp: FS \cf5 a\cf3  schema:Person ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:honorificPrefix \cf6 \'84*\'93\cf3  ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:givenName \cf6 "*"\cf3  ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:familyName \cf6 \'84*\'93\cf3 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb4 ##	cp:contructualHours \'8418\'93 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf7 \cb4 ##	cp:reductingHours \'840\'93 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:email \cf6 "*"\cf3  .\
\
cp: IK \cf5 a\cf3  schema:Person ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:honorificPrefix \cf6 \'84Prof. Dr.\'93\cf3  ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:givenName \cf6 \'84Ivo\'93\cf3  ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:familyName \cf6 \'84Keller\'93\cf3 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb4 ##	cp:contructualHours \'848\'93 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf7 \cb4 ##	cp:reductingHours \'840\'93 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:email \cf6 "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:linkTo_UnCryptMailto('nbjmup+jwp%5C/lfmmfsAui.csboefocvsh%5C/ef');"}}{\fldrslt ivo.keller(at)th-brandenburg.de}}"\cf3  .\
\
cp: JS \cf5 a\cf3  schema:Person ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:honorificPrefix \cf6 \'84Prof. Dr.\'93\cf3  ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:givenName \cf6 \'84Jochen\'93\cf3  ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:familyName \cf6 \'84Scheeg\'93\cf3 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb4 ##	cp:contructualHours \'840.5\'93 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf7 \cb4 ##	cp:reductingHours \'842\'93 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:email \cf6 "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:linkTo_UnCryptMailto('nbjmup+kpdifo%5C/tdiffhAui.csboefocvsh%5C/ef');"}}{\fldrslt jochen.scheeg(at)th-brandenburg.de}}"\cf3  .\
\
cp: KJ \cf5 a\cf3  schema:Person ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:honorificPrefix \cf6 \'84Prof. Dr.\'93\cf3  ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:givenName \cf6 \'84Kai\'93\cf3  ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:familyName \cf6 \'84Jander\'93\cf3 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb4 ##	cp:contructualHours \'8418\'93 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf7 \cb4 ##	cp:reductingHours \'842\'93 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:email \cf6 "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:linkTo_UnCryptMailto('nbjmup+lbj%5C/kboefsAui.csboefocvsh%5C/ef');"}}{\fldrslt kai.jander(at)th-brandenburg.de}}"\cf3  .\
\
cp: MH \cf5 a\cf3  schema:Person ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:honorificPrefix \cf6 \'84Prof. Dr.-Ing.\'93\cf3  ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:givenName \cf6 \'84Michael\'93\cf3  ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:familyName \cf6 \'84H\'f6ding\'93\cf3 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb4 ##	cp:contructualHours \'8417\'93 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf7 \cb4 ##	cp:reductingHours \'841\'93 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:email \cf6 "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:linkTo_UnCryptMailto('nbjmup+njdibfm%5C/ipfejohAui.csboefocvsh%5C/ef');"}}{\fldrslt michael.hoeding(at)th-brandenburg.de}}"\cf3  .\
\
cp: RF \cf5 a\cf3  schema:Person ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:honorificPrefix \cf6 \'84Prof. Dr.\'93\cf3  ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:givenName \cf6 \'84Robert\'93\cf3  ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:familyName \cf6 \'84Franz\'93\cf3 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb4 ##	cp:contructualHours \'8412\'93 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf7 \cb4 ##	cp:reductingHours \'840\'93 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:email \cf6 "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:linkTo_UnCryptMailto('nbjmup+spcfsu%5C/gsboaAui.csboefocvsh%5C/ef');"}}{\fldrslt robert.franz(at)th-brandenburg.de}}"\cf3  .\
\
cp: VM \cf5 a\cf3  schema:Person ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:honorificPrefix \cf6 \'84Prof. Dr.\'93\cf3  ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:givenName \cf6 \'84Vera\'93\cf3  ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:familyName \cf6 \'84Meister\'93\cf3 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb4 ##	cp:contructualHours \'8414\'93 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf7 \cb4 ##	cp:reductingHours \'840\'93 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:email \cf6 "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:linkTo_UnCryptMailto('nbjmup+wfsb%5C/nfjtufsAui.csboefocvsh%5C/ef');"}}{\fldrslt vera.meister(at)th-brandenburg.de}}"\cf3  .\
\
cp: WP \cf5 a\cf3  schema:Person ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:honorificPrefix \cf6 \'84Prof. Dr.\'93\cf3  ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:givenName \cf6 \'84Winfried\'93\cf3  ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:familyName \cf6 \'84Pfister\'93\cf3 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb4 ##	cp:contructualHours \'8418\'93 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf7 \cb4 ##	cp:reductingHours \'8412\'93 ;\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 	schema:email \cf6 "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:linkTo_UnCryptMailto('nbjmup+xjogsjfe%5C/qgjtufsAui.csboefocvsh%5C/ef');"}}{\fldrslt winfried.pfister(at)th-brandenburg.de}}"\cf3  .}